These people?
Through the process, it is also your heart,
Do you want me to clean up my hair?
You asked me to press zero even though nothing happened zero even though zero even though
Zero misunderstanding when I was in Shanghai Ye
what did you do to me
It's zero now, even though the next person is me.
I'm going to Gaha
Even if I follow zero, I still can’t let go of zero.
The last time you went to Gadot
I'm with zero even though last time
zero despite me
I'm innocent zero despite zero despite
You just lied to me for so many years, I didn’t have it, I didn’t have it
I know how to be careful when doing these things
Get the fish and stand down
you believe me
You actually took away Yuhai from me
You choose
I often don’t want to see you later